The Three Lights were
in the middle of
their final
concert... when
Galaxia suddenly
appeared before us.
[screaming]
The princess
protected us from
Galaxia's attack,
but paid the ultimate
price by having her
own Star Seed removed.
Countdown to
Destruction: The
Sailor Guardians'
Last Battle!
[screaming]
[gasping]
[evil laughing]
This is an emergency!
I repeat--
[evil laughing]
Listen, all you
insignificant worms
on this remote planet.
The entire galaxy
belongs to Galaxia.
As its ruler, I
can't allow such
filthy creatures...
... to exist here.
Prepare to perish.
[evil laughing]
This is what happened
to our home planet.
Which means there
isn't much time
left.
Oh no.
Where could she
be hiding?
I'm checking now.
This signal is
coming from...
Ginga TV!
[gasping]
Ginga TV.
Uh-Hey, wait!
Where are you three
going?
Uh-
Fighter!
You're not planning to
charge straight in
there are you?!
If you attack head
on, you'll die in
vain.
So what?!
You see... Our only
purpose in life was
to protect our
princess and see to
the revival of our
home planet.
Now that our hopes
have been crushed,
we have no
reason to live.
But first, we must
make sure Galaxia
pays for what she did.
You can't! Your
princess would never
have wanted that!
Nuh-uh.
Shut up!
What the hell
would you know
about it?
[gasping]
Good luck trying to
protect your own
princess.
You'll definitely
need it.
Fighter...
I'm sorry. I have
to go, Sailor Moon.
The princess' death
must be avenged.
[yelping]
Sailor Moon!
Look out!
Silence Wall!
Uh?
Saturn! Pluto!
Got you now.
Huh--
[grunting]
[screaming]
[gasping]
What the--
This isn't good. It
appears we've been
trapped.
Damn it!
We don't have
any time to waste
here!
We have to hurry up
and find Galaxia
before--
[evil laughing]
That won't be
necessary.
Galaxia!
Relax and enjoy your
stay, because you
won't be leaving...
... ever again.
[chuckling]
The town...
We have to
do something!
Yes, but... this
enemy is too
powerful.
Galaxia has already
taken control of a
large part of
our galaxy.
Her powers are on a
completely different
level from the
enemies we've faced
before this.
Wait, seriously?
Are you saying there
isn't anything we can
do to stop her?
There has
to be a way.
Even as we speak,
our town is being
torn apart.
I hope the Star
Lights are okay.
I think we should
help them. We can't
let Earth end up the
same way their
planet did.
We must
stop Galaxia!
Yes, although we're
at a disadvantage.
Give what you've got
for what you can
accomplish today.
'Cause by doing so,
it'll lead to a
better tomorrow.
Right?
I won't let Galaxia
do as she pleases.
It's our planet, so
we must be the ones
to protect it.
Haruka, you sure
you're okay with not
telling her goodbye?
Oh, come on, you're
making it sound like
we're never going
to see her again.
Well, that's
possible, isn't it?
So what? As long as
you're still with
me, it's fine.
You're right.
Please let us join
you on this mission.
As the Guardians of
the Outer Planets...
... we cannot
ignore Earth's
greatest danger.
Yes. And if things
take a turn for
the worst,
... at least one
of us...
... must remain
alive...
... and defeat
Galaxia.
Let us go.
And protect our
planet.
They're not here.
Or here.
Where could they have
gone off to?
Oh, no!
Did those four...
head off to fight her?!
The destruction's
really spread.
If this
continues...
... our world will
be destroyed.
Chibi-Chibi.
It'll be all right,
We'll make sure to
protect everyone.
Usagi's right. This
planet is our home!
We met here. It
brought us together.
We've been through
so much, haven't
we, girls?
This planet is
precious to every one
of us.
And that's why
it's our job to
protect it!
Mm!
Please be careful
everyone.
The enemy is strong.
[lightly grunting]
Keep Chibi-Chibi
safe.
I will.
Chibi-Chibi?
Mercury Crystal
Power Make Up!
Mars Crystal Power
Make Up!
Jupiter Crystal
Power Make Up!
Venus Crystal
Moon Eternal Make
Up!
We gotta go.
See ya, Luna.
Make sure you all
come back!
We'll be here
waiting.
Waiting!
We promise that
we'll protect
this planet.
And we'll do it
with our own hands.
Ginga TV.
Galaxia's in
there somewhere.
[gasping]
It looks like this
won't be easy.
Clearly, we can't
get in this way.
Then we'll have to
find another entrance.
What's that?
Healer!
Maker!
Fighter!
The three of you are
no match for me. Give
up already.
Galaxia! We're
going to crush your
evil plan and defeat
you once and for all.
Is that so?
And how will you
accomplish that when
you're so powerless?
That's what you
think? Then we'll
show you how
powerless we
really are.
Star Sensitive
Inferno!
[grunting]
[screaming]
[struggling]
Fighter!
Sailor Moon!
Please, don't!
Let go! If we don't
help, they're gonna--
No!
Didn't you see what
that barrier can do?
If you go rushing
in, you'll end up
like that bird!
I can't just stand
here and watch her
hurt them!
She's too
strong.
Nothing you do is
capable of stopping
my plan.
[screaming]
Are you finally
beginning to understand?
The three of you will
die here, cursing
your fate.
[evil chuckling]
[evil laughing]
Wait, is that--
The Star Lights?!
Fighter! Healer!
Maker!
Anything yet,
Mercury?
I'm looking, but
there's no way to
get in!
And even if we
managed to find one,
Galaxia has distorted
the space around
her... So, we can't
get into that room.
What?! Then you're
saying we have no
choice but to stand
here and watch?!
But we--we
have to-- no!!
[gasping]
[whimpering]
Sailor Moon!
I can't believe
we were so close,
yet there's nothing
we can do to help.
It's just...
too cruel.
[sobbing]
[lightly gasping]
[gasping]
Uh--
Chibi-Chibi Moon?!
No way!
How'd she get here?
Chibi-Chibi!
[chuckling]
What's wrong? Giving
up already?
[panting]
How's this
possible?
Did we really put in
all of that effort
just for it to
amount to nothing?
[panting]
Don't say that! Pull
yourselves together.
We still have
a chance!
Ha! You're just
wasting your breath.
You're going to die
here like the trash
you are.
Is this it?
I'm afraid so.
A light?
Where are we?
Girls!
[grunting]
Chibi-Chibi Moon, did
your power bring us
here?
Power?
So, you've made it
into this dimension.
I commend you
on such a feat.
Now I shall destroy
you, along with those
three!
Huh?
Why did you come
here?!
If you're trying to
make us feel indebted
to you, it won't work!
That's not why
we came!
All we want is to
protect our planet
and the people
living on it.
Fighter.
Huh...
I thought... that
I would never see
you again.
[laughing]
Now That was a very
touching reunion. I
almost shed a tear.
You listen here! Stop
doing such horrible
things to our people!
We're sick of it.
So, leave this planet
now and never come
back!
Why would I leave
when I still
haven't obtained
your Star Seed?
You'll never have
it! I won't let you
near her!
Really? You
won't let me?
Just who do you
think you're speaking
to?!
[grunting]
Be gone!
[screaming]
You guys!
I said, stop!
I don't know what
your problem is, but
if you really think
you can have
everything go your
way, you're dead wrong!
Such insolence. I
will always have
everything go my way!
I was planning on
getting to enjoy
torturing you a bit
longer, but,
unfortunately for
you, I changed my
mind. This place will
be your grave!
[chuckling]
[grunting]
[struggling]
Ah!
[yelping]
[gasping]
[screaming]
Oh my god.
The lights of four
stars are...
... about to fade
out...
Sailor Jupiter. Sailor
Mercury, Sailor Venus.
Sailor Mars.
[laughing]
No. Why? Why did
you all take the hit
for us?!
We wanted... to
protect... the
friends... we love.
Protect your
friends?
That's right. We
love Sailor Moon, but
we love the three of
you just as much.
You're all special
to us.
But that's-- Was
it worth risking your
lives for?!
Please, just--
please take our
place.
And protect Usagi
and our world.
Uh-
Rei, come on... Wake
up! Please, Rei!
Everyone!
No!
Please, come back!
Don't leave me! I
need you! Mako,
Ami, Minako! I
don't wanna be
alone.
Uh!
Don't be such a
baby. I know you're
better than that, Usagi.
You can't
go, Rei.
You promised you'd
be with me 'til
the very end.
You can't break a
promise like that.
Don't leave me. I
can't do this
without you.
Dummy, you won't
be alone, you still
have Mamoru,
remember?
Sorry that I won't
be there to protect
you anymore.
Rei, wait!
[whimpering]
No.
No!
Give them back!
Give Rei back to me!
Minako. Mako and
Ami, too! Give
my friends back!
Do it, now!
[grunting]
Hmph.
[screaming]
So beautiful.
Since I'm in a good
mood, let me show you
something. Behold,
all of the true
Star Seeds I've
collected so far.
[lightly gasping]
[gasping]
[trembling]
Is that Mamo?
[gasping]
Well, now. I see
you're attracted to
that golden Star
Seed. You have
impeccable taste.
That is the Star Seed
representing this
planet.
Hold on... If
that's his
Star Seed...
Then that can
only mean...
That Mamo must be...
he must already be...
That Star Seed.
It's Mamo's!
Yes. I hold the light
of the one you love
most.
No, it
can't be!
Go, my loyal
servants!
Retrieve Sailor
Moon's Star Seed!
Uranus? Neptune? Why?!
These two are no
longer your friends.
They obey
me now.
Next time
on Sailor Stars:
Ruler of the Galaxy:
The Menace of Galaxia.
The moonlight is a
messenger of love.